GOAL

Fix the frontend so that valid stock and crypto data are displayed properly (no false “No results” messages) and confirm everything works across test cases.

🧩 Step-by-Step No-Code Instructions for Replit
1. Inspect Frontend Data Handling

Open client/src/pages/analysis.tsx.

Find where the app handles the analyze() or handleAnalyze() function.

Observe how it interprets the API response from the backend (Finnhub or Kraken).

Currently, the frontend always sets hasResults to false if any field in the response (like analysis or price) is undefined.

This causes “No results found” even when valid data (like Apple) is returned.

2. Fix State-Handling Logic

Adjust the logic so that:
✅ If the API response includes a valid symbol, name, or price — treat it as a success.
⚠️ Only show “No results found” if the response includes a 404, null symbol, or explicit “not found” flag.

Add a simple check like:

if (data && data.symbol && data.price !== undefined) {
    setHasResults(true);
} else {
    setHasResults(false);
}


Also, clear any old “No results” message when new valid data arrives.

3. Ensure Data from Finnhub is Parsed Correctly

Verify that the backend returns:

{ 
  "symbol": "AAPL", 
  "name": "Apple Inc", 
  "price": 258.02, 
  "change": 0.89, 
  "percentChange": 0.35 
}


Confirm the frontend maps these keys properly to the UI display:

Symbol

Company name

Current price

24h change

4. Retest Full Workflow

Have Replit run five test cases again automatically:

Test	Input	Expected Result
✅ 1	Apple	Shows Apple Inc stock data with live price
✅ 2	Tesla	Shows Tesla Inc stock data with live price
✅ 3	Bitcoin	Shows BTC data via crypto feed
✅ 4	ZZZINVALIDZZZ	Displays “No results found” cleanly
✅ 5	FakeCoin	Displays “No results found” cleanly

For each, confirm:

Symbol and name displayed correctly

Live data loaded (price/change/volume)

“Start a Chat” preloads the correct context

No leftover or stuck messages from previous queries

5. Verification Deliverables

Replit should now send back:

Console logs confirming API responses for each test case.

Screenshots showing Apple, Tesla, and Bitcoin results correctly rendered.

Screenshot showing “No results found” for invalid queries.

Confirmation that “Start a Chat” opens with proper context.

Final summary report verifying all stock + crypto search and chat functionality pass.

6. (Optional, Recommended)

Add auto-refresh retry handling for rate-limited APIs:

If a 429 (rate limit) error is received, wait 3 seconds and retry once.

Display a subtle “Fetching data… retrying” notice instead of “No results”.