Please provide the filter breakdown for the quant path filters and the pattern path filters in the VTS or the passive learning. I wanna see what happens in each path as the 300 pairs enter, what filters are filtering out the pairs, how many are we left with before it goes into the VTS, how many signals die before becoming an open simulated trade in the VTS, and they die because of net EV or ROI or whatever reason we have in there that they get blocked as signals. I also wanna understand if there are any surviving pattern pairs, the ones that survived the filters, and then is the pattern detection system that we just implemented being used properly? Before we implemented this latest hotfix, we had more pairs or more open simulated trades accumulating than we had in several weeks. We implemented the hotfix, and I know we removed duplicates. We were allowing up to three duplicates. Now we've removed that and tightened that policy up. So that's probably reducing some, but our quant strategies, our quant filter survivors should be producing the same number of quant open trades, and I was expecting that we might see a few pattern open trades, but right now, in the open simulated trades, we've got two trades since the restart, and these two have been sitting in there by themselves for an hour. That doesn't seem right. So I'm trying to understand what's happening here. So please investigate. Let's see how the last several scans have worked for both the quant filtering path and the pattern filtering path. I want to understand if the pattern detection is being used for potential pattern signals. I want to understand how the filters are working, how many pairs we end up with that are going into the VTS after the filters and after the benchmarks are removed. And I want you to be able to see if there are any bugs or incorrect code work that is reducing our simulated open trades. Please do not attempt to fix anything, just report back on the stats and any issues and problems that you find and let me know what you suggest based on those issues, but do not make any changes without my approval.