I need you to update thoroughly all of the canonical files in the bridge folder that need updating since your last update. The last update was for Phase 11.5. Now we are up to Phase 11.8c is what we just completed. So the project history file, the core system files reference, the Dawn Trader current state reference, maybe the mathematical architecture, you'll have to look and see. Maybe the regime strategy, mapping, and signal pattern need to be adjusted. So you'll have to check and see, compare what's currently in the system versus what is in these files, the system architecture, maybe the mapping regime strategy, and then definitely Phase 11 implementation history. Maybe phase 9 predictive learnings and the repo map.json file. Please go through and thoroughly update all of these to include everything that we've done after we finalized phase or directive 11.5. There's been a lot of cleanup in there, removal of Lottie and parts of Walter. Um, We have made the guardrails and filters adjustable, only manual, so that they're no longer adjustable by Lottie. There have been some of the old legacy calculations and tracking systems and metrics that have been cleared out from the goals engine, specifically in the goals tab. And there are a number of other things that were done. Between 11.5 and where we are now, in all of our canonical files, need to reflect this. The last time I asked you to do something this big, there were very few changes made, and then you had to go back in and do a big review and overhaul. That's what we need to do now. Review everything, and if it needs to be changed and updated because of the directives and phases that we've completed, then please do that. Before you start your updates, what I would like you to do is to tell me everything that you're going to update, and that includes not only the files, but where you see that system changes that have been made have not been updated in those files. You can just give me high-level bullet points of what you plan to add in or change for each file that you're going to end up editing. That way, I understand what to expect, and we can go from there.  Do not start making updates until I approve your list.