Phase 8.8.3-AJ10 – Directive for Replit

Here’s the directive you can hand them as-is.

Phase 8.8.3-AJ10 – Execution Safety Alignment & Metrics Totals

Context

Paper mode trading is running with:

testuser123 / SecurePass123!

Canonical portfolio source: storage.getPortfolioState({ mode: 'paper' }).balance

Position sizing via paper-position-sizing.ts

3% sizing buffer already implemented (MAX_POSITION_BUFFER_FACTOR = 0.97)

LPCP is intentionally dormant (always passes) for now

Session-based RTB metrics are live and correct

Current issues:

The vast majority of attempts are still blocked by Max Position

Manual Min Price (and likely other filters) in Goals Engine sometimes revert to default values

RTB metrics tables are missing totals

RTB metrics show trades “Opened by Strategy”, but sometimes no trades appear in Open Trades

We want no new legacy modules, no schema changes, and no architectural departures from the future-state blueprint

Please treat AJ10 as a wiring & consistency phase only.

AJ10.1 – Align Max Position Safety with Pre-Sized Signals

Goal

Ensure that a signal which was sized correctly by the strategy engine is not blocked later by a second Max Position check using different numbers.

Requirements

Audit current Max Position logic

In server/services/trade-safety.ts, locate the logic that:

Calculates the notional / position size for Max Position

Compares that against guardrails (max position percent)

Also check any other position-related checks that recompute notional, e.g. portfolio risk.

Use the pre-sized signal values as canonical

RTB signals now store:

quantity

estimated_value (or similarly named column)

At execution-time safety checks (paper mode), do not recompute notional using qty * currentPrice.

Instead:

Use the stored signal value as the canonical notional for Max Position and portfolio risk checks.

Concretely, change logic of the form:

const notional = quantity * currentPrice;
// ... compare notional to max position …


to something equivalent to:

const notional = signal.estimatedValue ?? (quantity * entryPriceFromSignal);


with the following constraints:

Prefer the stored estimatedValue generated by paper-position-sizing.ts

Only fall back to a recomputation if estimatedValue is actually missing for some reason (this should normally not happen)

Do not introduce legacy risk modules or new sizing systems – reuse the existing sizing helper and fields that J7/J9 already put in place.

Do NOT add any new schema or services

No new tables

No new microservices

No reintroduction of risk-manager.ts or other V1/V2 logic

Keep LPCP dormant

The LPCP guard should continue to return ok: true and not block anything.

Do not re-enable LPCP behavior in AJ10.

Acceptance criteria

After deployment, in paper mode with a modest portfolio (e.g. ~$800–900) and current guardrails:

We should still see some Max Position blocks (when sizing truly exceeds guardrails),

But Max Position should no longer account for ~95–99% of all blocks when signals are clearly sized near but under the configured max.

A small sample session (e.g. 1–2 hours) should show a meaningful mix of block reasons and some opened trades, not an almost solid wall of Max Position.

AJ10.2 – Add Totals to RTB Metrics Tables

Goal

Make the RTB metrics self-validating by exposing explicit totals.

Requirements

Blocked Breakdown (All Reasons)

In the RTB Execution Metrics panel (Ready-to-Buy tab):

Under the “Blocked Breakdown (All Reasons)” title, add a line such as:

Total Blocked (Last 24h): X

This total must be the sum of all block reasons shown in the table and must match the “Blocked” count in the RTB summary row above for the same time window.

Opened by Strategy (Last 24h)

In the “Opened by Strategy (Last 24h)” table:

Add a similar line:

Total Opened (Last 24h): Y

This must match the “Opened” count in the main RTB summary.

Session behavior

When the engine is stopped and session-based metrics are zeroed:

The new totals should also display as 0.

Formatting

Use existing number formatting (Intl.NumberFormat) for comma separators and consistent styling with the rest of the metrics panel.

AJ10.3 – Diagnose (Only) the Open Trades vs “Opened” Metrics Mismatch

Goal

Understand why RTB “Opened by Strategy” shows opened trades, but the Open Trades table sometimes shows none, without changing behavior yet.

Requirements

Trace the full execution path for a single “opened” trade

Starting from an RTB signal that shows as “Opened by Strategy” in the metrics:

Identify where logExecutionAttempt is called with opened = true

Identify where the paper open trade is actually written to the DB (or in-memory structure)

Identify how /api/open-trades (or equivalent) fetches open trades for the Open Trades tab

Add temporary diagnostic logging

Log once per opened trade:

Signal id / symbol

Strategy

Sizing (qty + estimated value)

Whether a DB insert for an open trade actually succeeded

Logs should go to the server console only (no UI changes).

Create an audit doc

Add docs/audits/phase_8.8.3-AJ10_open_trades_mapping.md summarizing:

Current flow from RTB signal → execution → open trades

Where the mismatch occurs (e.g. logging says “opened” but DB insert fails / isn’t called / is using different criteria)

Do not implement the fix yet – just document the findings.

Scope constraint

For this phase: no code that changes the behavior of the Open Trades table, beyond the minimal diagnostic logging.

AJ10.4 – Fix Filter Min Price Persistence (and Document Wider Impact)

Goal

Ensure that manually-controlled filter settings in Goals Engine (starting with Min Price) do not silently revert to defaults or get overridden by LATTI when they should not.

Requirements

Audit filter persistence

Identify the API(s) and storage functions used to save and load:

Min Price

The “Managed by LATTI / Manual” toggle for that filter

Similar to the earlier guardrails persistence fix:

Confirm which fields are sent from the frontend but not persisted correctly.

Fix Min Price behavior

When Min Price is set to Manual and a user enters a value (e.g. 0.25):

Saving should persist both:

The numeric value

The fact that the filter is in Manual mode

On reload / navigation:

The UI should still show 0.25

The Filter Insights breakdown should eventually reflect the same threshold.

LATTI should not overwrite Min Price while it is in Manual mode.

Do NOT change LATTI optimization logic yet

Keep all existing auto-tuning behavior for filters that are still marked as LATTI-managed.

Focus only on:

Correct round-trip saving of manual values

Respecting the manual/auto flag

Document if this issue affects other filters

In the AJ10 audit doc (or a separate one, e.g. phase_8.8.3-AJ10_filter_persistence.md):

Note whether the same persistence bug pattern affects other filters in the Goals Engine.

Do not fix them all in this phase if it becomes large; just list which appear affected so we can scope a later “LATTi vs Manual” pass.

AJ10.5 – Short-Term Diagnostic Logs for Max Position Blocks

Goal

Give us enough visibility to confirm that the Max Position fix is working without adding long-term noise.

Requirements

Add concise logging for Max Position blocks only

When a trade is blocked specifically for Max Position, log:

Timestamp

Symbol

Strategy

estimatedValue from the signal

Allowed max notional (derived from portfolio × maxPositionPercent × buffer)

Guardrail values used (portfolioRiskPerTradePct, maxPositionPercentPct)

Keep logs one-line or short structured output to avoid noisy console spam.

Do NOT log for every other block reason

We only need extra detail for Max Position right now.

Keep it server-side

No UI changes for these logs.

Testing Instructions (for Replit)

Use testuser123 / SecurePass123! in paper mode.

Pre-check

Set a reasonable starting portfolio (e.g. $800–$900)

Portfolio Risk per Trade ~3%

Max Position Percent ~15%

Min Price Manual (e.g. 0.25 or 0.10)

Run a paper session (15–30 mins)

Confirm:

RTB summary shows Attempts / Opened / Blocked

Blocked Breakdown total matches “Blocked”

Opened by Strategy total matches “Opened”

Block reasons show a mix, and Max Position is no longer ~99% of all blocks

Confirm that manual Min Price stays at the configured value after:

Page reload

Navigating away and back

Waiting several minutes

Stop the engine

Confirm:

Session metrics reset to zero (as today)

New totals also reset to 0

Open Trades vs “Opened”

If “Opened by Strategy” shows >0, check:

Whether Open Trades table reflects those

Capture any mismatch and include it in the AJ10 audit doc with the new logs.