✅ PHASE B3.5a — Guardrail Fix + Trading Start Conditions Directive

(Paste this whole block into Replit exactly as written)

BEGIN DIRECTIVE
⛔️ RULES (DO NOT SKIP)

No other files may be modified except the ones explicitly listed.

No TypeScript or architectural changes unless required by these tasks.

Stop all trading before beginning.

After each step, generate debug logs confirming correctness.

✔️ TASK 1 — Fix Max Total Portfolio Exposure field (manual mode persistence)

There is a bug where the Max Total Portfolio Exposure value resets to 25% whenever a user tries to edit it manually.

This must be fixed.

Requirements:
1.1 — Fix persistence in the backend

Locate where guardrail settings are saved.
(Likely in guardrail-settings.ts, routes.ts, or schema.ts.)

Identify why max_total_exposure_pct is not storing the updated value.

Fix the persistence so that any manually edited value is saved correctly.

1.2 — Fix the UI so manual updates do not revert to default

Find the React form that displays guardrail settings.

Confirm the input is bound to the saved value from backend.

Fix the behavior causing it to revert to 25%.

1.3 — Validation requirements

Do not enforce any min/max constraints except 0–100.

Do not override user manual edits unless invalid.

1.4 — After fixing, run:
Set Max Total Portfolio Exposure = 100%


And confirm:

The value persists on refresh

The value persists across server restart

The value persists across starting/stopping trading sessions

Provide screenshots or textual confirmation from logs.

✔️ TASK 2 — Prepare the system for upcoming WebSocket verification
2.1 — Set starting conditions

After Task 1 is complete:

Set initial portfolio balance = $20,000

Set Max Total Portfolio Exposure = 100%

Set Max Position % = 15% (leave as normal)

Ensure all other guardrails remain unchanged

2.2 — Start paper trading session

Use:

mode: "new"
initialBalance: 20000


Confirm trading engine is running.

2.3 — Verify trades will open

For at least 5–10 trades:

Show symbols, entry prices, and notional sizes

Confirm that no trade is incorrectly blocked by the MAX_TOTAL_EXPOSURE guardrail

Confirm ACTIVE exposure matches what is expected for the guardrails

Confirm the UI shows normal behavior (no ghost trades, no errors)

2.4 — STOP — Do NOT begin WebSocket work yet

This directive only prepares the system for WebSocket implementation testing.
You must not change WebSocket code or any pricing logic yet.

✔️ DELIVERABLES REQUIRED FROM REPLIT

After completing Tasks 1–2, provide:

A. Backend Confirmation

Database value stored in max_total_exposure_pct

Guardrail settings output (full JSON)

Confirmation that value persists across refresh and restart

B. UI Confirmation

Screenshot or dump of Guardrails UI showing:

Max Total Portfolio Exposure = 100%

Manual mode selected (if applicable)

C. Trade Opening Verification

At least 5 trades successfully opened

Exposure totals as expected

No unintended guardrail blocks

D. Confirmation that no other files were modified

Run:

git diff HEAD --stat


Expected output: empty

END DIRECTIVE