Directive 8.8.4-B.1 — Signal Quality Evaluator & Normalized Global Confidence Integration
Directive ID: 8.8.4-B.1
Title: Signal Quality Evaluator & Normalized Global Confidence Integration
Audience: REPLIT Implementation System
Authorizing Context: Dawn Trader — Phase 8.8.4 (Guardrail Refactor Series)
Supersedes / Extends: Directive 8.8.4-B (Guardrail Refactor: Quality vs. Capacity)
Status: ACTIVE — Approved for Canonicalization upon completion and verification
1. Context and Objective

Directive 8.8.4-B.1 continues the Guardrail Refactor Phase by formalizing the Signal Constraint Layer (SCL) architecture and introducing the Signal Quality Evaluator (SQE) as a dedicated filtering stage for signal flow.

This directive implements:

The transition from local confidence scoring to a system-wide Normalized Global Confidence (NGC) metric.

Relocation of signal quality calculations (CWQI, Expected Duration, ProfitRate) upstream into the Signal Orchestrator.

Refactoring of the SQE to a purely evaluative filter (no computation).

Adoption of the ProfitRate metric (profit per time) replacing Efficiency in the CWQI formula.

Addition of user-facing explanatory text in the Ready-to-Buy tab.

Logging of the new nomenclature and architectural decisions into the Bridge Repository.

This directive aims to unify evaluation logic, streamline pipeline responsibility, and ground the ranking system in time-adjusted profitability.

2. Decision Log Instruction

REPLIT will record the following decision entry in bridge/decisions/decision-ledger.md:

Decision ID: DEC-2025-NGC-SCL-NOMENCLATURE
Title: Adoption of Signal Constraint Layer Architecture and Normalized Global Confidence Metric
Summary:
- “Quality Guardrails” renamed to Signal Quality Evaluator (SQE).
- “Capacity Guardrails” renamed to Trade Capacity Limits (TCL).
- Combined system renamed to Signal Constraint Layer (SCL).
- Efficiency replaced by ProfitRate (ExpectedReturn / ExpectedDuration).
- Confidence metric displayed in UI now reflects the new Normalized Global Confidence (NGC).
- Internal per-strategy confidence remains private and unexposed.
Impact:
- Clarifies separation of evaluation vs. constraint responsibilities.
- Establishes consistent data semantics for signals across SQE, RTB, and TCL systems.
- Ensures UI metrics correspond to standardized calculations.
Date: [Auto-fill current date on commit]
Approved by: Dawn Trader Architect Authority

3. Implementation Tasks
Task 1 — Introduce Normalized Global Confidence (NGC)

Implement the NGC calculation within the Signal Orchestrator or Sizing Helper modules.

The NGC replaces prior per-strategy confidence in all downstream data (RTB queue, trades, SLAL).

Formula for NGC normalization:

NGC = normalize( base_confidence * (1 - volatility) * (1 - risk) )


Normalization should scale output to [0, 1].

Write the resulting NGC into the existing database field confidence.

The UI will display this as “Confidence”.

The internal per-strategy confidence remains internal and is never persisted or surfaced.

Task 2 — Compute Derived Signal Metrics in Orchestrator

Move the following calculations into the Signal Orchestrator (or Sizing Helper) to centralize computation:

ExpectedDuration = estimateDuration(signal, volatility, ATR, historicalHoldTime)
ProfitRate = normalize(ExpectedReturn / ExpectedDuration)
CWQI = (NGC * 0.40)
     + ((1 - Risk) * 0.25)
     + (ExpectedReturn * 0.20)
     + (ProfitRate * 0.15)


Store these computed metrics with the signal payload forwarded downstream.

Task 3 — Refactor the Signal Quality Evaluator (SQE)

Refactor signal_quality_evaluator.ts to function only as a filter.

Remove all CWQI, efficiency, and duration computations from SQE logic.

Apply the following filtering thresholds:

NGC ≥ 0.40

Risk ≤ 0.70

ProfitRate ≥ defined_minimum_rate (default: 0.25 normalized)

CWQI ≥ defined_minimum_quality (default: 0.50 normalized)

Only signals passing all thresholds will be forwarded to the Ready-to-Buy Queue Service.

Task 4 — Ready-to-Buy Queue Service Enhancements

Update the Ready-to-Buy Queue Service to rank signals purely by CWQI (descending).

Use soft prioritization, not hard rejection:

Slower trades with high profit potential remain in queue but are ranked lower.

Faster, efficient trades rise naturally when capacity is constrained.

Implement soft filtering logic:

Reject signal if (ExpectedDuration > max_duration_threshold AND ProfitRate < min_rate_threshold)


Ensure continuous re-evaluation of queued signals with each refresh cycle.

Task 5 — Trade Capacity Limits (TCL) Integration

No changes to TCL logic in this directive.

Confirm SQE output seamlessly integrates with existing capacity enforcement logic.

Ensure the SLAL tracks QUEUED → PROMOTED → EXECUTED → COMPLETED transitions for promoted signals.

Task 6 — User Interface and Documentation Update

In the Ready-to-Buy tab, add a small informational text block (static copy only) explaining the ranking system.
Example text:

About Signal Ranking:
Signals are ranked by their Confidence-Weighted Quality Index (CWQI), combining confidence, risk, expected return, and profit rate.
CWQI = (NGC × 0.40) + ((1 – Risk) × 0.25) + (Expected Return × 0.20) + (Profit Rate × 0.15).
Higher CWQI scores indicate stronger, faster, and more balanced opportunities.

Display NGC in Ready-to-Buy, Active Trades, and Trade History tables under the existing “Confidence” column.

Task 7 — Verification and Diagnostics

Run a 15-minute paper trading session using the testuser123 credentials.

Verify:

Signals flow through SQE, RTB Queue, and TCL in proper sequence.

NGC and CWQI fields populate correctly in all diagnostics.

No SQE computation logic remains.

Re-ranking behavior works dynamically as slots open.

Export verification artifacts:

logs/diagnostics/slal_dump.json

logs/diagnostics/active_trades.json

logs/diagnostics/trade_history.json

logs/diagnostics/slal_trade_correlation.json

logs/diagnostics/ready_to_buy_queue.json

4. Acceptance Criteria

The directive will be considered successfully implemented and verified when:

The Bridge Repository contains the DEC-2025-NGC-SCL-NOMENCLATURE entry.

SQE acts as an evaluator only, not a calculator.

SignalOrchestrator emits fully enriched signals (with NGC, ExpectedDuration, ProfitRate, CWQI).

CWQI ranking reflects the new formula and behavior.

UI “Confidence” displays NGC values.

Verification session passes with no orphaned or misrouted signals.

Upon successful verification, mark Directive 8.8.4-B.1 as Complete and Canonicalized.

5. Post-Implementation Notes

Future Expansion: The ProfitRate component can later incorporate volatility-adjusted trade efficiency once sufficient empirical trade history is collected.

Backward Compatibility: All previous references to “confidence” will automatically reference NGC, requiring no schema migration.

Next Directive (Planned): 8.8.4-B.2 — Empirical Feedback Integration & Dynamic Weight Adjustment.

End of Directive 8.8.4-B.1