The system architecture file in the canonical folder needs to be completely overhauled. It is really out of date. There's been a lot of systems that have been installed that are not referenced here. We don't, it looks like this hasn't been updated since around phase eight or so. There's nothing about the RTB refresh. There's nothing about the name mapping service that is used throughout many systems by many systems to make sure that names are matched up properly between Kraken and the different systems within the, within our tool. The pricing service, I don't, I don't believe that's included here. The position sizing service has been, well, it's no longer in use. I think it's been deprecated. But as I mentioned, the RTB refresh has to be included. The DSS needs to be added in here. The DSE for when trades are open, that needs to be open. That needs to be added here. And that includes, that allows for the trailing exits and adaptive resizing. None of that is included in here and it needs to be the passive learning system. So what happens when we're in passive learning? The scans continue. The original filters and the IMF filters continue working, but they do, the survivors are not fed into the active filter pool. Instead, they go into the VTS. So the VTS system needs to be explained here, how once pairs go into the VTS, there is a calculation done for Regime and friction, and the regime is used to pick a strategy, and then a simulated trade, the strategy is used to then create a signal, and that signal is used to create a simulated trade. And then you need to explain what happens with all of the simulated data in the system, how that's being used currently. So you might want to completely start from scratch and just describe how the current system is working, making sure to leave out all of the old legacy system and systems and information. Yeah, I mean, this still references only nine strategies. We're up to 17 now. So all of this needs to be updated. And I think the best way for you to do that would be to start over from scratch. Make a detailed, comprehensive. This all needs to go to our new project manager so they understand how the system is working.