When I'm looking through the closed simulated trades, the stop losses are the majority of the simulated trades. And the closes from take profit, there are some in there, but with both, what I'm noticing is that it goes in streaks. And it will be the same pair that shows as a closed trade three or four times in a row, sometimes more. And then sometimes it is the same coin paired with a different currency, but there's usually a repeat in these pairs, and that's happening both with the trades that are closed by stop loss and by take profit. I've attached some screenshots to illustrate my point. Please look at the system and how it is simulating trades based on the signals that are available to it in the VTS and how the signals are being generated within the VTS that were getting these repeat pairs that are being opened and closed simultaneously. I want you to just investigate. Do not make any fixes. Let me know your findings and your recommendations. If this is something that's broken and needs to be fixed, if it is behaving the way that it's supposed to, then just explain that also. And then I will discuss with my project manager whether or not this is useful to the predictive learning and eventually the machine learning.

As part of your investigation, also look at the open trades. What I'm seeing there is that while the same pair may not be repeated multiple times next to each other consecutively within the open trades, when I go through all 300, I do see the same pair repeated multiple times within the open simulated trades, and it will have a similar entry price, but the exit price will be pretty much identical, and I believe the stop loss price will also be pretty much identical so that when that price is hit, then you have multiple pairs of the same that close at the same time and then end up appearing in the closed trades all at the same time, one after the other. So based on that, I believe we need to have another filter applied with the original filters and the IMF filters that are used. As the FX5 scanner pulls in each new batch of 100 pairs, so it should look at the pairs that are in that batch of 100. It should apply the original filters from the screeners tab, should apply the IMF filters, and then it should also, somewhere in there, maybe with the original screeners, it should check to see if that pair is already included in the open simulated trades, and if so, that should be screened out. It should be filtered out. We may have already tried applying this sort of filter in the VTS or when we're in passive learning, and it might not just be working. So please research whether or not we've attempted to put that filter in there. If not, then please come up with recommendations for how we would apply that filter so that we're not getting duplicate pairs in our open trades, because there's no value in looking at the same pairs over and over again for our predictive learning and machine learning. And again, do not make any changes without my permission, but I want you to investigate, report back your findings, let me know your recommendations, and then I will let you know if I approve and want to move forward.