Some of the things that are being reported back do not match with my understanding of the system and what we have implemented over time. I need you to provide details for several parts of our trading system, and the details that I would like to know is when they were implemented and completed into their final, their current final state. What are they currently doing and how are they currently used? The big pieces that are not aligned with my understanding of this are the DSS, how our Strategy selection and signal generation work in the sequence of those two events. Did we create a hybrid alpha pattern engine? Or, yeah, I see a hybrid integration file. What is that used for today? How does it work? I do remember a phase when we gave the system pattern recognition capabilities. Are those capabilities currently being used in our, I'm only talking about within our trading engine, so paper mode or live mode. Where in our trading engine cycle is the pattern recognition utilized? Is that Somehow, feeding into our strategy selection system. My understanding of the system was that after we had all of our filtered pairs that are in the active filter pool, those were then, those pairs were then fed into either the DSS or another system to calculate a pair level regime score and supporting metrics. The pair level regime score was then to be used, identified what our regime was, right? And from there, we had secondary metrics that would be applied to then determine which strategy out of the group of strategies within that regime was going to be the one that was used. And then based on that selection process, we would have our selected strategy, whether it was a quant strategy. a hybrid strategy or a pattern strategy. And then based on that decision and the strategy selected, our pair data would be sent through the strategy engine or some other system to create, generate a signal, which would have an associated entry price, target exit price, stop loss price, and other metrics along with it. Now I'm being told that this is not how our system operates, even though what I just described was the intention for how our system is supposed to operate. So if my intention is not how our system is operating, then I need to understand where we got away from that intention and how our system is working now. Are we calculating all signals first and then selecting? the signal we like best, which then decides ultimately which strategy is used. I'll ask that again. Are we using all strategies to calculate signals, and then we select the best signal, which ultimately tells us which strategy we're being used? That was not the design intent. The design intent was to cut down the number of calculations we had to do, which meant we would use the DSS to pick our strategy first, and therefore we were only doing one strategy and signal calculation. So, I'm not concerned with the BTS now, so do not answer any questions about the BTS. I'm only focused on our trading engine for that works for paper mode and live mode, and I need to understand how this is working, because based on your answer, we may need to make some significant changes. So please provide this as a report, a downloadable report.