🧭 REPLIT DEBUG DIRECTIVE — Phase 27.F.14.C-PRE
Pre-Simulation UI/Backend Desync & Trading Mode Initialization Failures

Context:
This directive documents the system issues observed during an attempted start of the paper-trading simulation (Oct 24 2025).
The goal is to have Replit investigate, reproduce, and fix these problems before the 10-minute functional simulation begins.

🧪 Summary of Actions Taken

The app was stopped and restarted, then I logged out and back in.

Attempted to start paper trading by toggling the Trading switch from Stopped → Active.

Immediately received a red toast error at the bottom of the screen (message disappeared too quickly to read).

Trading did not start.

⚠️ Observed Issues & Required Investigation
1️⃣ UI Tab Label Regression

Problem: Tab names in the Trading panel now display truncated labels.

Current	Expected
“Insights”	“Filter Insights”
“Filtered”	“Filtered Pairs”
“Ready”	“Ready to Buy”
“Open”	“Open Trades”

Suspected cause: Recent responsive-layout changes for mobile view may have shortened tab text globally instead of only under mobile breakpoints.
Task: Restore full tab names in desktop view while keeping condensed labels for mobile widths.

2️⃣ Filter Insights Panel Empty

Problem: The Filter Insights tab shows no metrics or placeholders.
Previously, placeholder metrics or zeros appeared even when no data was present.
Task:

Verify the component renders default metrics from /api/filters/diagnostics.

Confirm that placeholder data still loads before live metrics populate.

3️⃣ Filtered Pairs Load Failure

Error shown:

Failed to load filtered pairs: 500 {"error":"No screener filters or trading settings found for user"}


Additional behavior:
The Filter Health widget flickers on/off every 20–30 seconds.
Tasks:

Verify backend endpoint /api/paper-sim/filtered-pairs or equivalent diagnostic route.

Confirm that screener_filters and trading_settings are being created for the logged-in user (Kyle G Jordan).

Identify why API returns 500 instead of fallback default filters.

Fix the flicker caused by repeated failing refresh attempts.

4️⃣ Ready-to-Buy Oversaturation

Problem: Ready-to-Buy list shows 824 pairs instead of the expected ~10.
Interpretation: The scheduler and automatic cleanup logic (that removes expired or filled entries) are not running.
Tasks:

Confirm that the deletion/refresh job is active.

Review scheduler logs for missed cycles or failed cron triggers.

Re-enable automatic pruning to keep Ready-to-Buy count ≤ 15.

5️⃣ Frontend ↔ Backend Trading State Desynchronization

Behavior:

Blue status bar shows “Paper Trading Mode – Active.”

Top toggle still shows Stopped.

Clicking the toggle repeatedly triggers “Trading Started” toast messages but never switches to Stopped.
Result: Frontend and backend states are out of sync.

Tasks:

Compare /api/state/summary.trading.paper vs. the UI toggle status after each click.

Identify which side (UI or backend) fails to update or broadcast the state.

Confirm trading_state_changed WebSocket event fires and is received by the frontend.

Ensure that toggling off sends a proper POST /api/trading/pause or /api/trading/stop signal and updates both the backend state and the UI flag.

🧰 Expected Deliverables

Root-cause analysis and list of fixes for:

Tab label rendering

Filter Insights placeholder regression

Filtered Pairs 500 error

Scheduler inactivity

UI/Backend trading-state desync

Confirmation that both Kyle G Jordan and testuser123 accounts load identical screener and trading settings.

Console/log excerpts showing corrected startup sequence:

[LATTIManager] Both LATTI instances active (Paper, Live)
[UI] Trading state: ACTIVE
[PaperSim] Scheduler heartbeat OK


Verification screenshots or log timestamps confirming synchronization between UI and backend.

Goal: Resolve these initialization and synchronization defects so the 10-minute simulation (Phase 27.F.14.C) can start under stable conditions with verified UI/backend parity.