I'll implement Directive 8.8.4-A3.R9.0.B to standardize engine activation and eliminate the dual-engine problem.

Now I'll implement all four tasks:

Checked code issues
Let me verify the guard works and test the implementation:

The guard isn't working correctly - the imports are being executed before the guard check. Let me fix this by moving the guard to the absolute top before any imports:

I need to restructure the file to check the guard before loading any imports. Let me rewrite it with dynamic imports:

The guard is now working correctly. Let me update the task list and verify everything:


Reviewed engine activation standardization
Good catch from the architect. The log message should accurately reflect the source. Let me fix this:

Now let me update the call sites in paper-sim-service.ts to pass the correct source:

Now I need to update the PaperPortfolioManager to pass the source parameter through to the engine:

Checked code issues
The LSP errors are pre-existing issues unrelated to my changes. Let me verify the application compiles and runs correctly, then check the logs to confirm the implementation:

Checked console and system logs
Application is running. Let me verify the guard still works and then complete the review:

The guard is working correctly. Now let me call the architect for final review:


Verified directive implementation and provenance tracking
All tasks have been reviewed and approved. Let me complete the task list and update the documentation:

Directive 8.8.4-A3.R9.0.B is now fully implemented and documented. Here's what was completed:

Engine Activation Standardization:

Direct Execution Guard - The standalone script paper-trading-start.ts is now blocked from direct execution. Attempting to run it via npx tsx will display a clear error message directing users to the proper API endpoint instead.

Provenance Tracking - Engine start calls now track their activation source (api, internal, or unknown), flowing through the entire call chain from the API layer to the execution engine.

Redundant Start Safeguard - The engine now blocks duplicate start calls when already running, preventing the dual-engine state conflicts we identified earlier.

CLI Wrapper - A new scripts/start-paper-sim.sh script provides authenticated API access for command-line usage with PAPER_SIM_TOKEN.

Log Signatures:

[A3.R9.0.B][ENGINE_START_BLOCKED] - Direct execution blocked
[A3.R9.0.B][ENGINE_START] - Activation with source and PID
[A3.R9.0.B][GUARD] - Redundant start blocked
This ensures all engine activations go through the single authoritative API endpoint, eliminating the isolated process conflicts that caused the engine state toggling issue observed during the earlier diagnostic session.