When we initially started building DawnTrader, we kept running into issues where there was a conflict between the setup for either being able to have multi-users, multiple users, each having their own environment, trading environment and setup, and having this being a single user setup with, that was based on the mode, whether it was paper or live. We ultimately ended up switching everything over to a mode setup, so everything depended on whether it was paper or live trading, and it was all set up for one user. Even though there were multiple users, they all see the same thing every time they log in. And I think this portfolio adjustments user ID is legacy issues from that multi-user setup that was at one time in place. Please do a scan of the entire system that affects the trading engine again from the moment the scanner, the FX5 scanner, switches on to the moment that we close trades and then they are stored in the database to where they can appear in the trade histories, trade history. Please do a full audit on that whole entire system cycle engine to see what other user ID calls or potential issues or legacy code is sitting in our system waiting to eventually become a problem, or even if it's not going to become a problem, I want to know about it. So that's part one. Question 1: Can you let me know what was missing or provide a detailed explanation of the metric keys that were missing for Goals Live and Goals Paper? What was the metric key that was missing for both of them?  Question 2: What does Get Portfolio Adjustments control? What is it used for? How does it fit into our system? Question three, these system guards from Directive 9.1 that are now in our screeners tab, there's liquidity guard, noise guard, CWQI gate, and correlation guard. Are all of those now filters that are included in our filters that are applied to the initial pairs or the pairs as they are initially scanned into our system? So after those filters are applied and the other filters from the screeners, then if a pair survives, it goes into the active filter pool. Please confirm that for me.