Before we jump into phase 9, I would like you to go through our entire paper trading engine system and all of the peripheral files that are either services or modules or components of that trading system and look for any and all references and connections and calls to legacy systems or anything legacy. I'm not worried about the dashboard. I'm only worried about the trading system, which encompasses the FX5 system, FX5 scanner, scanning for pairs from Kraken, all the way to when trades close and are updated in the trade history tab. You should also look through the goals engine page and all the tabs in there. For now, I just want to identify these legacy items and where they are called, referenced, or included in any way within the system that I've just defined. Also include the risks involved in deprecating them and officially titling them as legacy files and commenting them out. So the risk, and then if you see ways to do it without damaging the system, then please include your notes on that. I would also like you to look through the system at these LSP. errors that have been in the system for a while, and while I don't need you to identify and list the cause for each one of them, it would be good to know which ones we can resolve and clear out quickly versus the ones that will require some effort, time, and care so that we're not potentially damaging any parts of the system. And for the ones that we can easily remove, it would be good to understand the cause of those to make sure that these same issues are not going to be repeated over and over again and that we can isolate and fix the source of those LSP errors. Don't fix any of them right now and don't deprecate any of the legacy code or systems. Right now, I just wanna identify everything. And as I was saying with the LSP right now, I want to... Remove the low-hanging fruit, and we would do that based on your recommendation after I've had a chance to review it and approve it. And then the more difficult to remove LSP errors, we will deal with at another time. So I would like this in a detailed report.