I'm looking at your detailed flow, and I need you to confirm this, because to me, there are many parts that are different than what we have set out to design. So you mentioned that step one is signal generation, okay? FX5 scanner process signal evaluates raw market data. My understanding is that the FX5 scanner pulls in pairs from Kraken, which are then filtered, and surviving pairs are in the active filter pool. Those pairs are then processed through the signal orchestrator, which includes the sizing helper, and it's also here where the NGC and CWQI are calculated, that the NGC and the CWQI are not calculated in the SQE. We had made the decision earlier to leave all calculations out of the SQE and have that done in the signal orchestrator or the sizing helper. I can't remember which we ultimately decided on.  In step two, RTBQ insertion, you say check if pair already has active position, reject if duplicate. Is that checking only the RTBQ, or is that also checking the active trades table in the OpenTrades tab? As a quick process and requirements question, is there any real value in having the TTL for each signal set to 10 minutes? Wouldn't it be best that a signal is refreshed every 30 seconds with new data, re-evaluated through the SQE, and as long as it passes the SQE, it remains in the RTB table? And if it doesn't pass the SQE, then it is removed from the table. And if that is the process, then there's no purpose of having a TTL for each signal. I'd like to know your thoughts on that. In the 30-second refresh cycle, line 456 removes low-quality signals. But what is qualifying a signal as low-quality? Does it first have to go through the SQE for that to be determined? At this point, this signal hasn't received fresh data. It doesn't have new pricing. It doesn't have a new NGC or CWQI calculation. So any signal that's in the table should be considered to be the same quality as it was when it first entered because nothing's been refreshed. Please confirm if I'm understanding that correctly. In that same step three, it says refresh and rank. What does refresh and rank? What is the refresh and rank process? Is that new data being used to refresh every signal and then send it through the SQE again? Or is that some other process? In step 4, the reconfirmation, where you have line 587, calculate decayed CWQI. Is that being applied to all signals in the queue, both active and refreshed? Or is that only being applied to the refreshed signals? This is why it is important that each signal should have its own refresh cycle based on the time that it enters the ready-to-buy queue plus 30 seconds for its own refresh cycle, not the batch refresh cycle. Because if it is in the queue and it's a new signal, then we shouldn't be decaying its CWQI. That should only happen after its first 30 seconds when it is time to refresh. In Step 6, where we're getting ranked signals, it says, check CWQI greater than or equal to 0.25 and NGC greater than or equal to 0.4. Are those hard-coded filters that are being applied after these signals have already gone through the SQE? That should not be happening. The TCL should only be providing promotion based on events and the capacity of the OpenTrades table. It should not be evaluating CWQI and NGC. And if it does, and these are hard-coded, then those will override the settings that the user or that Lottie sets in the Screeners tab. And we do not want that. Once a signal has been promoted, do we remove that signal from the RTBQ? I do not see a step that does that, and there should be a step that says, once it's promoted, it is removed from the RTBQ. And again, when the SQE is evaluating duplicate signals, it should look in the ready-to-buy pool for the symbol currency pair, and it should also look in the open trades for that same combination of symbol and currency. And if that symbol and currency appear together in either one of those tables, then that should result in a duplication fail. There's a couple of things that you have said about the pool size equals zero. You reference mode equals live, no signals to refresh. When we ran this test trading session, the mode was set to paper. So live should not be even in the discussion here. So if live is being assigned as a part of this code to evaluate ready-to-buy signals, then that is an issue because in this trading session, we were in paper mode. Also, I understand that the engine is currently stopped and we're just in passive learning mode. I don't expect signals to be in the ready-to-buy pool when the engine is stopped and we're only in passive learning mode. The question is, during our test trading validation session, did the system not see any of the signals? Are the signals not appearing? If they are not appearing while trading is in process, then that is a serious issue. But if they are appearing, then we need to still understand why the refresh cycle is not working. Now that I read your final key finding, if I understand correctly, what you are saying is the signals that are, that pass the SQE and insert it into the RTB table, the fire and forget code keeps those signals from being written into the database. And since they are not in the database, they are listed as expired and cleaned up by the cleanup system. And because of that, there are no signals for the refresh cycle to reconfirm. If this is correct, this is a very important finding that we need to fix. Do not fix anything. I will talk with my technical advisor on this. I just need that confirmed. I also had a number of questions in here that I would also like answered that I can then discuss with my technical advisor on how we should proceed.

Ultimately, I would like a process where the signal orchestrator sends signals to the SQE. The SQE evaluates each signal and either passes or fails them. The ones that fail never enter the RTBQ. The ones that pass, in my opinion, and unless it can be explained to me otherwise why there is a benefit to doing this, there should not be a TTL associated with the signals. It should all be decided based on the refresh process. And in that refresh process, each signal has its own refresh timing based on when it entered the RTBQ. It should be 30 seconds from when that signal entered the queue. And it should all be synced to the central clock. So when that signal enters the RTBQ, 30 seconds later, it enters with a status of active. 30 seconds later, it then has new pricing information added to it. Its CWQI and NGC are recalculated. Its risk is recalculated. It is then sent through the SQE for a pass or fail rating. If it fails, it is removed from the RTB. If it passes, all the new data is added to that signal or replaces the old data in that signal. And the status is changed to reconfirmed. And that signal will go through that process every 30 seconds until it is either promoted to a trade by the TCL or it no longer is passing the SQE and it is deleted from the queue. That is the intention of this process. And based on what you are telling me, that is not what is set in the code. So, please answer all of the questions I've included here and provide a set of suggested changes that would enable the process I described to be run successfully.