🧩 Micro-Step Instructions (No-Code)

These steps finalize Phase 5.4, ensure configurability, and complete documentation and stability checks — no coding from you required.

Step 1 – Make Risk Threshold Configurable

Files involved (Replit handles this):
client/src/pages/settings.tsx, server/routes.ts, server/storage.ts

Instructions to Replit:

🔧 Update the risk evaluation system so that the 20 % threshold is read from the Walter Approvals settings, not hard-coded.

Add a field riskThresholdPercent in Settings → Walter Approvals.

Save it to the settings table in the database.

When /api/strategies/settings runs, fetch this value and use it as the comparison point for creating approvals.

Default = 20 % if missing.

Display the current threshold in the Approvals tab with a tooltip (“Any strategy change exceeding this % requires approval”).

Step 2 – Add Summarization Hook Placeholder

Goal: prepare for future OpenAI integration, but don’t activate it yet.

🧠 In the Walter chat message-handling service, add a commented placeholder:

// TODO: Implement AI summarization here when OpenAI API integrated
// summarizeChatSession(chatId)


and note it in documentation so the summarizer can be added easily later.

Step 3 – Update replit.md Documentation

🗒️ Add or update the following sections:

Walter Tables ERD: list all four tables and their relationships.

Risk Evaluation: explain that the threshold is adjustable in Walter Approvals.

Approval Workflow Diagram:
Edit → Risk Check → Pending Approval → Walter Chat → Decision → Execution.

Chat Memory & Summarization: describe how message windowing and the Memory-Depth setting work.

Deferred Features: note that summarization and AI-based insight tagging are planned enhancements.

Step 4 – Quick Stability Check

Ask Replit to confirm:

✅ Stability Verification Checklist

Login works for all test users and admin.

Changing the risk threshold in Settings updates backend behavior (verify with a ≥ threshold change creating an approval).

New chat creation and approvals still work.

Notification badge count correct.

Database < 30 MB, CPU < 70 %.

Browser console clean (only Vite WebSocket warning acceptable).

Step 5 – Final Architect Sign-Off

👷 Request the architect to review:

Configurable risk-threshold logic

Documentation accuracy

Stability-check results
When approved, log the event:
"Phase 5.4 — Complete and Verified ✅"