Okay, so here are some comments and answers to your questions. The first one being, benchmark list BTC not showing. It seems like we're in this never-ending loop of pairs can't get into the ideal pool without telemetry data, but the benchmarks are supposed to be the exception to that rule. They should be added to the ideal pool list through forced inclusion. So regardless of what their telemetry status is, and then once they are scanned (because they're part of the ideal pool list), then they'll have telemetry to add to it. And even if that telemetry is not good enough to qualify it for the ideal pool list, it should still be in the ideal pool list and it should appear in the benchmarks list tab, regardless of whether or not they're in the top scanned pairs list. So, please investigate how to make this happen, but do not make the change without my approval. I will share it with my project manager. This should not be done through API calls.  The benchmarks should all be automatically included in the ideal pool, and so they should be scanned regularly like all of the pairs in the ideal pool list, and they should also appear in the benchmarks list tab because they are included in the ideal pairs list.  Please investigate the fix but do not fix without approval.

Yes, the institutional math filters, they are definitely working when we do active trading, whether that's in paper or live mode. But this directive instructed to make sure that those institutional math filters are also enabled when trading is not active, when we are in passive learning. Again, please check the status of this, and also the calculations of those institutional math metrics needs to be performed in passive learning. Right now, the original filters are being applied, but we want to make sure that the institutional math metrics are also being calculated and applied in passive learning. So for now, confirm whether that's correct or not, and if not, then propose the fix, but do not make the fix without my approval.

For the strategy signal mapping definitions, I now see the collapsible button. Let's not have that be collapsible. That should be visible at all times. Let's not make it collapsible. And I will share a table that I would like added into that.



Yes, please perform a full, thorough audit to trace the global friction calculation. Also review the formula, but again, do not make any changes, just share your findings and recommendations. It is possible that the global friction is being calculated correctly. I'm just slightly suspicious because it has been stuck on 11 for a while now, but maybe that is correct. But again, let me know your findings, but do not fix before I approve.

No need to pre-populate the events tab. I will monitor it over the next couple of days to see if anything is happening there. But one thing you could do is confirm whether or not the events table is dependent on whether or not the trading status is active. Again, no fixes, just let me know your findings.