PHASE 8.7-GIT-RESTORE-CHECK

Goal:
Verify whether the commit just before the GitHub merge

“Merge pull request #1 from kylegjordan/dt-v1-revival-bootstrap”
contains the full, correct Phase 8.7 UI/behavior (Filter Insights + GOES Filters), so we can safely use it as a restore point for the entire app.

Critical safety rule:
This phase is read-only / exploratory.
❌ Do NOT reset main or force-push.
✅ Work only in temporary / new branches and produce a clear report.

1. Identify the rollback merge and its parent

From the Replit workspace, show the recent commit graph:

cd /home/runner/workspace
git fetch origin
git log --oneline --decorate --graph -n 15


Locate the merge commit that matches what’s visible in GitHub:

Message: Merge pull request #1 from kylegjordan/dt-v1-revival-bootstrap

Branch: main

In the log output, capture:

Merge commit hash (call it MERGE_HASH)

First parent hash (the commit on main immediately before this merge; call it PRE_MERGE_MAIN)

Note in the report exactly which hashes you found, e.g.
MERGE_HASH = 5d8ff26
PRE_MERGE_MAIN = 745c458 (example – use the real ones from log).

Confirm that PRE_MERGE_MAIN is the commit that was at the tip of main before PR #1 was merged.

2. Create safe branches (no changes to main yet)

To avoid losing anything:

Create a backup branch of the current main (the “broken” state with the regressions):

git checkout main
git branch backup-8-8-current-main


Create a temporary restore-check branch at the pre-merge commit:

git checkout -b phase-8-7-restore-check PRE_MERGE_MAIN


Replace PRE_MERGE_MAIN with the actual hash from step 1.

This branch is ONLY for testing whether that commit really matches the end-of-8.7 state. Do not modify code yet.

3. Run the app on the restore-check branch

In the restore-check branch:

git status
# should show: On branch phase-8-7-restore-check, nothing to commit


Start the app as usual (whatever Replit command you normally use – keep it the same as for 8.8):

Start server

Start client (Preview)

Log in with the normal test user you’ve been using for validation (e.g. testuser123 / SecurePass123! or your regular trading account – use whichever we’ve used for Phase 8.7/8.8 checks).

4. UI Verification – Filter Insights (should match Phase 8.7 screenshots)

Navigate to:

Trading → PAPER → Filter Insights

On this branch, you must verify whether ALL of the following match the known-good Phase 8.7 behavior:

4.1 Scan & Filter Overview

Layout:

Header text: “Scan & Filter Overview”

Top line: Kraken Universe with a single number (total Kraken trading pairs).

Under Cycle Info:

Last Scan Cycle ID is shown and looks like cycle_paper_xxxxxxx

Next Scan In: countdown in seconds

Cycles per Hour: numeric (e.g. 0.3, 0.4, etc.)

Last Scan Time: timestamp of last 30-second scan

Scan Frequency: every 30 seconds

Under Last Scan Result:

Evaluated This Scan (≈ 60)

Eligible This Scan

Ineligible This Scan

Numbers look sane for a 30-second scan – not huge 24h totals.

4.2 24h Filter Activity

Header: “24h Filter Activity”

Fields:

Total Evaluated (24h)

Total Survived Filters (24h)

Unique Evaluated (24h)

Unique Survived Filters (24h)

Cycles (24h)

Values are in the same scale as your older 8.7 screenshot (e.g. low hundreds / few dozens when the engine hasn’t run long), not crazy numbers like 128,712 unless you’ve truly run for many hours.

When paper engine is STOPPED / passive learning only:

These numbers should be low and match how 8.7 behaved before.

No “24h aggregator” behavior beyond what 8.7 originally had.

4.3 Active Filtered Pool

Header: “Active Filtered Pool (Deduped, Non-Expired)”

Behavior:

When engine is STOPPED / passive learning:

No active filtered pairs table filled in – you should see the “No active filtered pairs at this time” message (like in your old screenshot).

When engine is ACTIVE:

Table of pairs:

Symbol

Status (badge: “Passed all filters”)

First Seen (this window)

Last Updated (this cycle)

Values and columns should match the 8.7 screenshots you provided.

4.4 Filter Breakdown (Last 24 Hours)

Header: “Filter Breakdown (Last 24 Hours)”

Shows only the filter categories we had agreed for Phase 8.7 (before thresholds/descriptions were added in 8.8):

Min Volume

Spread

Daily Range

Min Price

Stablecoin

Quote Currency

Blacklist

Whitelist

History

Guardrail Risk

No Strategy Triggered

Passed All Filters

The counts here should align with the 24h state – this is the older 8.7 version, not the new 8.8 Stage-3 schema. For the restore-check, we’re only verifying that the UI and wiring match what we had at the end of 8.7.

5. GOES Engine → Filters Tab Validation

Navigate to:

Goals Engine → Filters (the tab you noticed has regressed)

On the restore-check branch, verify:

This tab reflects the post-8.6 / 8.7 fixes, not the old rolled-back version:

Correct filter names

Correct default values

Any 8.6.x guardrail / filter fixes are present (as per previous documentation)

Nothing looks like the older V1/V2-era config

If you have any 8.6/8.7 screenshots for the Filters tab, compare them here and note any mismatches.

6. Deliverables – “Phase 8.7 Restore-Check Report”

Produce a short report file:

reports/phase-8.7/8.7-restore-check-report.md

Include:

Commit hashes:

MERGE_HASH = ...

PRE_MERGE_MAIN = ...

Branch used for test: phase-8-7-restore-check

Filter Insights status:

Bullet list for each of the four sections, indicating:

✔ Matches Phase 8.7 behavior

or ✖ Deviations found (describe exactly)

GOES Engine → Filters tab:

✔ / ✖ and description of any differences from our known 8.6/8.7 fixes.

Conclusion:

Either:

✅ “PRE_MERGE_MAIN is a valid Phase 8.7 restore point. It matches the last-good Filter Insights + GOES Filters state.”

or

⚠️ “PRE_MERGE_MAIN still shows regressions. We need to search further back in history or rely on Replit internal backups.”

7. Absolutely do not do this yet

❌ Do not git reset --hard main.

❌ Do not force-push (git push -f) anything.

❌ Do not delete branches.

This phase is only to find and verify a safe 8.7 restore commit.